our journey continues in the cities of the sixth province of Puglia to
search for a name of an important personality that is able to cover
the role of president of the first provincial council of the license after
parretta andria trani today it has fallen to margherita di savoia one day a good one
president for this new sixth province since in June there are the
provincial prime
a president of the study center
there is a president a candid a good candidate
the mayor of barbers
fb facebook not present for this year the sixth province has seen that in June
or of 2009 there will be the first elections province you were ramella votta
because they are like the province
because the province gave me a huge damage to me
because I'm fine as you are and don't put the real fury for the new one
province to do
to make records all over the pastor change from the command only what is there
coast Italian oil from which the name is part of the province say i
gentlemen
the meeting the sixth province
and I do not say to look like I am with the province of chandeliers
according to me it could be francesco fan of the mayor of canosa web that
however he did very well in these over years from the mayor
he said
from facebook because it was such a person
which could be
that is a good precedent
after a bit of disappointment from politics, it is not important to have a view
center right center left that practically the same as tail
at least one serious person here really cares about the province's wolf roses
d antona if this is my computer
requirements
the famous a person who wants to do good in the province
because we are in crisis we are in college but it is favorable and I am better
it was in the past this sixth province
for economic reasons, not because we pay it
but let's say maybe it is used to revive the territory the first names indiscretions
fan of giorgino you said well
I sell Francis Ventari Vasari lordship
and instead I say her judge
president of the unitalsi
the lawyer carmine di paola
of which was sent back twice to the city council also done
his name at this time as candidate for president of the for
center
percentage
you don't have to talk more than 20 years of center-right
the center-left interiors
but the term the term above all
what school did president know